A rethink of the `Actors.Result` has led me to believe that maybe the preferred approach is to consider an actor which has a single method - `update`.

Consider that `Data.Result` is now defined as

```haskell
value Okay a
value Error a

type alias Result a b =
  Error a | Okay b
```

I can then define `Actors.Result` as

```haskell
type alias Result a b =
  [| Data.Result a b |]
```

Given that there is now a single `update` method for every actor, it is not possible to define more general methods.

## Actors.sink

The first actor is a result sink.  This actor operate as any respondent and consume all updates whilst emitting now messages.

``` haskell
sink : [| a |]
sink =
  [|
    update self value s =
      ( s, Actors.none )
  |]
```

A couple of things worth noting:

- Only a single instance of this sink value will exist within a running system, and
- Although a `sink` might not seem particularly useful it is used where an actor wishes to perform an action and needs a respondent that will not communicate further.  As illustrated below an actor, using `System.IO.FileSystem.unlink`, is able to remove *README.md* and 'silence' the result.

```haskell
import System.IO.FileSystem as FS

FS.unlink "README.md" Actors.sink
```


## Actors.Result.map

A useful actor is a result actor which is able to transform the okay value based on a passed function.

```haskell
map : (b -> c) -> [| Result a c |] -> [| Result a b |]
map f respondent =
  [|
    update self value s =
      ( s, respondent ! Data.Result.map f value )
  |]
```

To illustrate how this actor can be used consider the actor `System.IO.FileSystem.stat` which requires a file name and an actor supporting `Actors.Result.Result FS.Error FS.Stats`.  A value supporting `FS.Stats` can be interrogated using `FS.directory?` to determine whether or not the associated file is a directory or not.

This can now be wrapped into a new function called `directory?` which will return a `Msg` when passed a file name and an actor supporting `Actors.Result.Result FS.Error Bool`:

```haskell
import System.IO.FileSystem as FS

directory? : String -> Actors.Result.Result FS.Error Bool -> Msg
directory? name respondent =
    FS.stat name
      <| Actors.Result.map (\stats -> FS.directory? stats) respondent
```


## Actors.Result.all

The function `all` is to create an actor that collects multiple results and forwards the entire collection of results to a respondent actor.

The first style of this actor is `alln` which will wait until it has received `n` okay messages before forwarding a list of the values to a respondent.  Thereafter it ignores all subsequent okay messages. In the event of a single error message being received the actor will immediately forward the error to the respondent and ignore all subsequent messages.

``` haskell
alln : Int -> [| Actors.Result.Result a (List b) |] -> [| Actors.Result.Result a b |]
alln n respondent =
  [|
    init : Nothing | List b * Actors.Msg
    init =
      ( []
      , Actors.none
      )

  , update self value s =
      case (s, value) of
        ( Nothing, _ ) ->
          ( s, Actors.none )

        ( _, Error e ) ->
          ( Nothing, respondent! value)

        ( _, Okay item ) ->
          let
            items = item : s
          in
            if List.length items == n then
              ( Nothing, respondent! Okay items)
            else
              ( items, Actors.none )
  |]
```

Building the code off of a rich message based type system is preferable to allowing an actor to have multiple methods.  With the single `update` it is possible to build more general actors allowing actors to be composed with more ease.
